one conflict that I had we're focusing on my career as opposed to family
life was that I missed the birth of both of my kids do the fact that
I was really focused on where I was out of my career so you know
when my daughter was being born I was actually in training at the time
and they had asked me if I wanted to stop train and go home for
her birth to be there at least for a week or two and you know I kind
of talked it over with my wife and decline that because I knew that
if I had done that it was going to actually have compounding effects
were gonna push me back in a particular training cycle to wear something
that I should be graduating with was gonna now leave me there
for another six months which in turn is going to affect when I could
move my wife and now a new daughter out to where I was going to be
stationed alternately so I kind of weigh those pros and cons and felt
that you know I should continue on with the training the other time
was on deployment of my wife was pregnant when I left I knew that
she was gonna be do while I was deployed my command actually asked
me if I wanted to to skip out on the deployment and stay back and do
something different and I declined and then while I was out on the
planet and she had the had or sign they asked if I wanted to go home
for that and I also declined having talked it over with her only because
I knew that if I had left it was going to facts kind of mission
how common the operations that we were doing there in theater so I
decline those retrospective me obviously I miss being there for the
birth of both my kids but that was that was definitely a conflict that
I had to deal with between home life and work life